.TH asswordk 1 "JUNE 2014" Linux "User Manuals"

.SH NAME
asswordk \- Password Manager for console command line

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B asswordk {no options}

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B asswordk
is an application for managed your passwords from the console
command line.

.SH USER COMMANDS

.I Most of commands have a long and short word version.

.B new or add
 Command, allows you to create a new account, an account need
 (login,password,url or machine name, notes for your mind).

.B list or ls
 Command, allows you to list all credentials in you database,
 just see you [id] login@url, not the password,
 the id number is very important, is usefull for some other command like print, delete etc...

.B listcont or lc
 Command, allows you to list all credentials in you database filtering by container name.
 If you ommit container name, all credentials are seen.

.B print or p
 Command, allows you to printing on the screen all informations from a entry in your credrentials,
 quickly note this informations, because this informations will be cleaning from screen in five seconds.
 You must point to the id you want to delete, if none, the first id (0) will be used.

.B modify or mod
 Command, allows to modify an entry from your credentials, you must point to the id you want to delete,
 if none, the first id (0) will be used.

.B delete or del
 Command allows you to delete a entry from your credential, you must point to the id you want to delete,
 if none, the first id (0) will be used.

.B purge or pg
 Command allows you to delete all entries from your credential, you must identifying you before for security.

.B search or sh
 Command allows you to search an entry by is login or notes or url, and list all of this that match your search string.

.B password or pw
 Command allows you to change your main password, before changing it, you must identifying you, and so
 change your password, with a confirmation ask.

.B browse or br
 Command allows you if possible, the url field is a well url formated line, to run your default browser an 
 open this url. You must have installed xdg-open application before.

.B copy or cp
 Command allows you to copy in the X clipboard the password, you must have installed before one of this
 two applications xsel or xclip.

.B duplicate or dup
 Allows you to copy a entry and modify one or several fields in it. This is a fast way to enter multiple accounts
 on a site or machine.

.B clear or clr
 Command, allows you to clean screen manually for confidentiality...

.B hello
 Command show you the name and copyright of this application.

.B quit
 Command is bye bye command...


.SH DATABASE FILE FORMAT
.B The database file must be named "asswordk.db", it's in  ascii format, and must be in 
.I /usr/share/asswordk/
.B directory.

.B Content of this file :

First, the magic string is "#asswordk"

This magic string must be the first line of the file, this word is used to control that the file is right.

After the magic word, you must find the format of the hash algorythm used to encrypt your main password.
This must begin with the string "hash=" and can take one of this values :

\- SHA512 or MD5

As well, you must find the format of the sysmetric encryption algorythm uses to encrypt all the password of your
credentials.
This must begin with the the string "ses=" and take one of this values :

\- BLOWFISH or AES

 The next line must be the mainpassword entry , represent the main password used to protect access
 to your database and used too as the encryption key for blowfish|AES algorythm...

.B mainpassword=
.B [
.I HASHHEX
.B ]

The next lines must be composed with all credentials entries.
.br
Begining of the info block must begin with this mark
.br
.B [BEGIN]
 \- This pattern can be repeated...
 id=Id for entry (int)
 login= login user (string) 
 password= crypt(blowfish) (string) 
 url= (string)
 notes= (string)
 ...
 \- repeat it as many time as needed
.br
.B [END]

The [END] tag mark the ending patterns

 Users must be able to read and write it!
 Permission must be "wr" for users...

.SH CONFIG FILE
.B Example of a config file

.RE 
This file must be in your 
.B home directory.
.P
 # Magic word to verify integrity of the cfg file
 application = "asswordk";
 version = "0.2";


#configuration part

asswordk={
 
	/* param color must be a const char *, empty (same as "0") or with
     several values separate with ; among
         0  reinit         1  higkt intensity (caracters)
         5  blinking       7  reverse video
         30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37 caracters colors
         40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47 background color

         colors, RGB following logic, respectively being
         black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan and white 
    */


 colors=
 {
 #color for listing function
 list="35";
 #color for identifying ask
 identify="37;7";
 #color for printing function
 print="32";

 #color for errors/warning/success messages
 error="31";
 warning="33;7";
 success="32";

 #color for hello and help messages
 hello="32;7";
 help="36";
 };
	
	
 encryption=
 {
 /*hash can take one of this values :
 MD5
 SHA512
 */
 hash="SHA512";
	
 /*ses (symetric encryption standard) can take one of this values:
 AES
 BLOWFISH
 */
 ses="AES";
 };
				
 password=
 {
 #each of this values can be true or false.
 upcase=true;
 lowcase=true;
 number=true;
 special=true;
 OL=false;
 LL=false;
 };
	
 misc=
 {
 #time in second waiting before clear the screen...
 clrscr=10;
 };

 };


.SH BUGS
Report bug at Tondeur Herve <tondeur.herve@yahoo.fr> With the subject [asswordk BUG REPORT]

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Tondeur Herve <tondeur.herve@yahoo.fr>
.br
Copyright (c) 2014 under GPL V3 license.
